Added explanation of scaled trajectory controller (#250)
UniversalRobots/Universal_Robots_ROS_Driver: ur_controllers/README.md

created to support more features offered by the UR robot family. Any of these controllers are
example implementations for certain features and are intended to be generalized and merged

> into the default ROS-Control controller set at some future point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
into the default `ros_control` controller set at some future point.
```

And the one occurence in the first paragraph, but I can't suggest it there.

## Controller description
This packages offers a couple of specific controllers that will be explained in the following
sections.
### ur_controllers/SpeedScalingStateController

> This controller publishes the readings of the actual execution speed as reported from the robot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This controller publishes the current actual execution speed as reported by the robot.
```

Might also add in what form that "actual execution speed" is reported (a `float` between `0;1`, or an integer? something else).

> This is the percentage of the speed slider multiplied with the `target_speed_fraction` that results

Reviewer: "the speed slider": which speed slider?

And where does `target_speed_fraction` come from? Is that an RTDE field?

from the robot's speed scaling getting active.

### position_controllers/ScaledJointTrajectoryController and velocity_controllers/ScaledJointTrajectoryController
These controllers work similar to the well-known
[`joint_trajectory_controller`](http://wiki.ros.org/joint_trajectory_controller).

> However, they are extended to handle the robot's execution speed specifically. While the default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, they are extended to handle the robot's execution speed specifically. Because the default
```

> `joint_trajectory_controller` would interpolate the trajectory with the configured time constraints,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`joint_trajectory_controller` would interpolate the trajectory with the configured time constraints (ie: always assume maximum velocity and acceleration supported by the robot),
```

> this could lead to massive path deviations due to multiple reasons:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this could lead to significant path deviation due to multiple reasons:
```

>  - The speed slider on the robot could not be at 100%, so motion commands sent from ROS would

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - The speed slider on the robot might not be at 100%, so motion commands sent from ROS would
```

   effectively get scaled down resulting in a slower execution.
 - The robot could scale down motions based on configured safety limits resulting in a slower motion

>    then expected and therefor not reaching the desired target in a control cycle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   than expected and therefore not reaching the desired target in a control cycle.
```

>  - Motions could not be executed at all, e.g. because the robot is in EM-Stop or protective stop or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Motions could not be executed at all, e.g. because the robot is E-stopped or in a protective stop or
```

>    the program interpreting motion commands is simply not running.

Reviewer: Which program?

>  - The program interpreting motion commands could be paused.

Reviewer: Is this not a variant of "is simply not running"?

> The following picture illustrates the problem:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following plot illustrates the problem:
```

or: diagram.

![Trajectory execution with default trajectory controller](doc/traj_without_speed_scaling.png
"Trajectory execution with default trajectory controller")

> The graph shows a trajectory with one joint being moved to a target point and back to its' starting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The graph shows a trajectory with one joint being moved to a target point and back to its starting
```

point. As the joint's speed is limited to a very low setting on the teach pendant, speed scaling

> (black line) get active and limits the joint speed (green line) effectively. This means, the target

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(black line) activates and limits the joint speed (green line). As a result, the target
```

> trajectory (light blue) doesn't get followed by the robot, instead the pink trajectory is executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
trajectory (light blue) doesn't get executed by the robot, but instead the pink trajectory is executed.
```

> The vertical distance between the light blue line and the pink line is the path error in each time

Reviewer: Perhaps repeat which colours are what (ie: commanded trajectory, actual joint states, etc).

> frame. We can see that the path deviation gets above 300 degrees at some point and the target point

Reviewer: time frame -> control cycle?

> at -6 never gets reached.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
at -6 degrees never gets reached.
```

> All of the cases mentioned above are solved by the scaled trajectory versions. Trajectory executions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All of the cases mentioned above are addressed by the scaled trajectory versions. Trajectory execution
```

can be transparently scaled down using the speed slider on the teach pendant without leading to

> additional path deviations. Pausing the program or hitting an EM-Stop effectively leads to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
additional path deviations. Pausing the program or hitting the E-stop effectively leads to
```

> speed_scaling being 0 meaning the trajectory will not be continued until the program is continued.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`speed_scaling` being 0 meaning the trajectory will not be continued until the program is continued.
```

Where does `speed_scaling` come from?

> This way, trajectory executions can be explicitly paused and continued.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This way, trajectory execution can be essentially paused and continued.
```

> With the scaled version of the trajectory controller the use case from above looks like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the scaled version of the trajectory controller the example motion shown in the previous diagram becomes:
```

![Trajectory execution with scaled_joint_trajectory_controller](doc/traj_with_speed_scaling.png
"Trajectory execution with scaled_joint_trajectory_controller")

> The deviation between trajectory interpolation and actual robot execution stays minimal and the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The deviation between trajectory interpolation on the ROS side and actual robot execution stays minimal and the
```
